clarify with example (#1572)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/configuration/app/timezone.md

Its value is one of the [tz database region codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_tz_database_time_zones) such as `Europe/Paris` or `America/New_York`.  This key will apply to all cron tasks defined in that file.

> This entry is only meaningful on cron specs that specify a particular time of day, rather than a "time past each hour".  For example, `25 1 * * *` would run every day at 1:25 am in the timezone specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This entry is only meaningful on cron specs that specify a particular time of day, rather than a "time past each hour".  For example, the sample below would run every day at 1:25 am New York time (automatically adjusting for daylight savings).
```

> For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
